README.rst, before:

The intenetion
---------------
ec - intends to reduce the learning curve needed to expose functionality via the command line. With available options like `argparse <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/argparse>`_ and `docopt <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/docopt>`_, it might take several hours to get them right. And there is also the issue of the needed amount of extra coding to setup and process the arguments. See the following example to see how `ec <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/ec>`_ solves the issue.

A simple example
----------------
.. code:: python

	from ec.ec import task

	@task
	def say_hello():
		print 'Hello, world!'

could be accessed from the command line, like:

.. code:: bash

	$ python hello.py say_hello
		Hello, world!

Features
--------

* Typed arguments.

* Sub commands (like git).

* Custom types.

* Shell mode (like python's interactive mode).

* Named / Positional arguments.

A more complete example
-----------------------
from: `simple.py <https://github.com/Laufire/ec/blob/master/scripts/examples/simple.py>`_

.. code:: python

	from ec.ec import task, arg, group

	@task # define a task
	@arg(type=int, desc= 'Value for arg1') # add an argument with a type and a description
	@arg(type=int)
	def task1(arg1, arg2=1):
		print arg1, arg2

	@group(desc = 'A group with some tasks') # define a group
	class group1:
		@task
		def task1(arg1): # define a task inside the group
			print arg1 + arg1

**Execute a task:** *<dispatch mode>*

From the command-line enter

.. code:: bash

	$ python simple.py task1 arg1=1 arg2=2
		1 2

	$ python simple.py group1/task1 arg1=1
		2

	$ python simple.py group1/task1 1 # positional arguments too are supported
		2

**Interactively execute tasks:** *<shell mode>*

From the command-line enter

.. code:: bash

	$ python simple.py # this will enter into ec-shell

	>task1
	Value for arg1: 1
	arg2 (1): 2
	1 2

	>group1/task1 # execute task1 under group1
	arg1: 1
	11

	>task1 arg1=1 # arguments can be given while calling the task, the missing arguments will be collected from the user
	arg2 (1): 2
	1 2

	>^Z # exit the shell


Detailed docs could be found at `PyDocs <http://pythonhosted.org/ec/>`_.

For more examples check the `github <https://github.com/Laufire/ec/tree/master/scripts/examples>`_ page.

Commit message:

Commands and args could now be passed through STDIN.

README.rst, after:

The intenetion
---------------
ec - intends to reduce the learning curve needed to expose functionality via the command line. With available options like `argparse <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/argparse>`_ and `docopt <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/docopt>`_, it might take several hours to get them right. And there is also the issue of the needed amount of extra coding to setup and process the arguments. See the following example to see how `ec <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/ec>`_ solves the issue.

A simple example
----------------
.. code:: python

	from ec.ec import task

	@task
	def say_hello():
		print 'Hello, world!'

could be accessed from the command line, like:

.. code:: bash

	$ python hello.py say_hello
		Hello, world!

Features
--------

* Typed arguments.

* Sub commands (like git).

* Custom types.

* Shell mode (like python's interactive mode).

* Named / Positional arguments.

A more complete example
-----------------------
from: `simple.py <https://github.com/Laufire/ec/blob/master/scripts/examples/simple.py>`_

.. code:: python

	from ec.ec import task, arg, group

	@task # define a task
	@arg(type=int, desc= 'Value for arg1') # add an argument with a type and a description
	@arg(type=int)
	def task1(arg1, arg2=1):
		print arg1, arg2

	@group(desc = 'A group with some tasks') # define a group
	class group1:
		@task
		def task1(arg1): # define a task inside the group
			print arg1 + arg1

**Execute a task:** *<dispatch mode>*

From the command-line enter

.. code:: bash

	$ python simple.py task1 arg1=1 arg2=2
		1 2

	$ python simple.py group1/task1 arg1=1
		2

	$ python simple.py group1/task1 1 # positional arguments too are supported
		2

**Interactively execute tasks:** *<shell mode>*

From the command-line enter

.. code:: bash

	$ python simple.py # this will enter into ec-shell

	>task1
	Value for arg1: 1
	arg2 (1): 2
	1 2

	>group1/task1 # execute task1 under group1
	arg1: 1
	11

	>task1 arg1=1 # arguments can be given while calling the task, the missing arguments will be collected from the user
	arg2 (1): 2
	1 2

	>^Z # exit the shell

**Utilizing STDIN:**

From the command-line enter

.. code:: bash

	$ echo 1 2 | xargs python simple.py task1 # Dispatch a command with args passed through STDIN and converted to args using xargs.
	$ echo -e "1\n2" | python simple.py -p task1 # Dispatch a command and with partial args and pass the rest through STDIN.
	$ echo task1 1 2 | python simple.py # Feeding the shell with complete commands through stdin.

Detailed docs could be found at `PyDocs <http://pythonhosted.org/ec/>`_.

For more examples check the `github <https://github.com/Laufire/ec/tree/master/scripts/examples>`_ page.
